another autograph session another
princess with a live-action remake
there's been so many where is my another
and another
live-action remake why shouldn't I be
next in line first Alice in Wonderland
and to Snow White's horahan Olympus it
simply isn't right Cinderella with Belle
coming soon Mulan is rumored to what
some were made love to do which is
totally ignored Maloney others are
pursued maybe Jasmine what a husband
Oklahoma's gondolas and in Merida Tiana
and Rapunzel Elsa on and now we fell oh
when will it be to hit the silver screen
when will it be
see
just like a prayer
will it be by her to join and apart
am I not hot enough or don't they
remember I made this princess thing be
cool
did I not bring up a the Renaissance of
days me and plus my phone were totally
rule I'd have big underwater scenes
battles on boats and a villain who so
mean she makes other villains screen of
the animated fishes being of open teeth
and wishes into making profit talking
frozen killers decisions partial nudity
and more when will it be my silver
screen
to
to shine just like up
to join anymore
earng oh when will it be
when will it
hey we're the avi brothers and thanks
for watching our video question of the
day which Disney animated film do you
want to see turned into a live-action
movie next let us know in the comments
below make sure you like share and
subscribe for more musicals and as
always if you would help support us
don't forget to buy this song on iTunes
and louder likes that over there and the
description also you can follow us on
Facebook Twitter and Instagram and we
will see you next in our behind the
scenes which you can watch right there
my guys are hoping my turn to rise up
from under the sea